upon his arrival in Israel on Thursday
UK prime minister Rishi sunak declaring
his unwavering support above all I'm
here to express my solidarity with the
Israeli people you have suffered an
unspeakable horrific Act of terrorism
and I want you to know that the United
Kingdom and I stand with you first up
for sunak was a meeting with Israeli
president Isaac
herzo then he was off to meet his
Israeli counterpart Benjamin Netanyahu
at a joint press conference in West
Jerusalem Netanyahu thanked sunak and
made clear how essential it is to have
his backing I value your support and the
fact that you're here we must win
together that means that this is a long
war and we'll need your continous
support on tac's agenda an attempt to
deescalate the conflict ensure the
delivery of humanitarian Aid to the Gaza
Strip and see that British Nationals
trapped in Gaza are able to get out
sunak reiterated the UK's position that
Israel has a right to defend itself but
he also said that should be done in line
with international law left unmentioned
was how Israel has cut off food Fuel and
water to Gaza and that many would
consider that to be a breach of
international law sunak trip to Israel
came one day after a visit by US
President Joe Biden with both leaders
pressing Israel to allow the
establishment of a humanitarian
corriddor
20 a trucks are expect to enter Gaza via
Egypt as early as Friday but on Thursday
it was Israeli bombardment that
continued meaning that each and every
hour an already dire humanitarian crisis
only grew exponentially
worse Muhammad jum Al jaaz occupied East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer